Was Sunan surprised?
Don't you know him when you don't see him for a while?
How could it be you?
I told you so.
I am the person invited by Su Mingcheng.
This is impossible
Why not?
When you just kowtowed to Third Young Master Su
I'm right here.
I have witnessed with my own eyes that you are trying to cling to the powerful
How to pour dirty water on me
cover
You are so wronged
You bitch
How dare you scold me?
Come
Throw him out!
And these two women
fourth uncle
Mom, my father is Su Zhenguo
He is the second head of the Suzhen Group
You can do this to my mom
Who are you?
What do you think?
Go away, every work is because of you
I always want to make money easily
Hey, let me investigate someone
Sunan gave all his information
brother
Are you suspecting that Sunan is the eldest lady of the Su family?
If that's the case, then we're done
I wish he were now
If he is not
I'm going to let him take my vanity tonight
Give it all back